About Gapminder School
======================

*Gapminder School* is a free teaching material that makes it easy to understand
global development. Our vision is to give all students a fact-based worldview.

Gapminder School is composed of educational videos, slideshow presentations,
print-material, data-visualization tools, data tables, exercises,
exam-questions and teacher guides. Together, the material gives students a
consistent visual framework for learning and remembering macro-trends and
patterns of contemporary social, economic and demographic statistics.

By combining local and global perspectives in the same visualizations, and
showing the long historic trends leading up to the world today, students can
understand what the world is like. All statistics can be traced back to the
original sources. Gapminder will keep updating the data as new numbers are
released.

An international teacher-community helps improve and translate the material,
making it useful in more and more classrooms across the world.

The project is funded by Gapminder’s own resources together with multiple
independent donors. Gapminder School does not require computers or print
material in the classroom. With computers it can be used online or downloaded
on Windows, Mac & Linux.

All material is free to copy, change, integrate, sell and spread under the
creative common attribution license with open source code.

The Gapminder Foundation is a Swedish not-for-profit organization, independent
from political, commercial and religious affiliations. Gapminder’s mission is
to fight devastating ignorance with a fact-based worldview that everyone can
understand. Gapminder’s chairman Hans Rosling is a professor of International
Health at the Karolinska Institute, Stockholm, Sweden.

Copyright
---------

The product is provided under Creative Common License: Attribution License (CC BY 3.0).

The source code is provided under the new BSD license.

<p align="right">
  <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" target="_blank"><img src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/3.0/88x31.png"></a>
</p>
